# Private Prayers by Lancelot Andrewes

[Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/privateprayers0000andr/page/n7/mode/2up)

## Morning Prayer
Glory be to Thee. O Lord, glory to Thee. Glory to Thee who hast given me sleep to recruit my weakness, and to remit the toils of this fretful flesh.

To this day and all days, a perfect, holy, peaceful, healthy, sinless course, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

The angel of peace, a faithful guide, guardian of souls and bodics, to encamp round about me, and ever to prompt what is salutary, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

Pardon and remission of all sins and of all offences, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

To our souls what is good and convenient, and peace to the world, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

Repentance and strictness for the residue of our life, and health and peace to the end, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

Whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, that I may think on these things and do them, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

A Christian close, without sin, without shame, and, should it please Thee, without pain, and a good answer at the dreadful and fearful judgment scat of Jesus Christ our Lord, vouchsafe, O Lord. 

### Confession
Essence beyond essence, Nature uncreate, Framer of the universe, I set Thee, Lord, before my face, and I lift up my soul unto Thee. I worship Thee on my knees, and humble myself under Thy mighty hand. I stretch forth my hands unto Thee, my soul gaspeth unto Thee as a thirsty land. I smite on my breast, and say with the publican, God be merciful to me, a sinner, the chief of sinners; to the sinner above the publican, be merciful as to the publican. Father of mercies, I beseech Thy fatherly affection, despise me not, an unclean worm, a dead dog, a putrid corpse; despise not Thou the work of Thine own hands; despise not Thine own image though branded by sin. Lord, if Thou wilt, Thou canst make me clean; Lord, only say the word, and I shall be cleansed. 

And Thou, my Saviour Christ, Christ my Saviour, Saviour of sinners, of whom I am chief, despise me not; despise me not, O Lord, despise not the cost of Thy Blood, who am called by Thy name; but look upon me with those eyes with which Thou didst look upon Magdalene at the feast, Peter in the hall. the thief on the wood; that with the thief I may call on Thee humbly. Remember me, Lord, in Thy kingdom; that with Peter I may bitterly weep and say, O that mine eyes were a fountain of tears, that I might weep day and night; that with Magdalene I may hear Thee say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; and with her may love much, for many sins, yea manifold, have been forgiven me. 

And Thou, all-holy, good and life-giving Spirit, despise me not, Thy breath, despise not Thine own holy things; but turn thee again, O Lord, at the last, and be gracious unto Thy servant.


### Confession
Blessed art Thou, O Lord our God, the God of our fathers, who turnest the shadow of death into the morning, and renewest the face of the earth; who separatest darkness from the face of the light (Gen. 1.4), and banishest night and bringest back the day; who lightenest mine eyes that I sleep not in death; who deliverest me from the terror by night, from the pestilence that walketh in darkness; who drivest sleep from mine eyes and slumber from mine eyelids; who makest the out-goings of the morning and evening to praise Thee; because I laid me down and slept and rose up again, for the Lord sustained me; because I waked and beheld, and my sleep was sweet unto me. 

Blot out as a thick cloud my transgressions, and as a cloud my sins; grant me to be a child of light, a child of the day, to walk soberly, holily, honestly, as in the day. Vouchsafe to keep me this day without sin. Thou who upholdest the falling and liftest the fallen, let me not harden my heart in provocation, or temptation, or in deceitfulness of any sin. Moreover, deliver me to-day from the snare of the hunter, and from the noisome pestilence; from the arrow that flieth by day, from the sickness that destroyeth in the noonday. Defend this day against my evil, against the evil of this day defend Thou me. Let not my days be spent in vanity nor my years in sorrow. 

O let me hear Thy loving-kindness betimes in the morning, for in Thee is my trust; show Thou me the way that I should walk in, for I lift up my soul unto Thee. Deliver me, O Lord, from mine enemies, for I flee unto Thee. Teach me to do the thing that pleaseth Thee, for Thou art my God; let Thy loving Spirit lead me forth into the land of righteousness. Quicken me, O Lord, for Thy name's sake, and for Thy righteousness' sake bring my soul out of trouble. Remove from me foolish imaginations, inspire those which are good and pleasing in Thy sight. Turn away mine eyes lest they behold vanity; let mine eyes look right on; and let mine eyelids look straight before me. Hedge up mine ears with thorns, lest they incline to undisciplined words. Give me early the ear to hear, and open mine eyes to the instructions of Thy oracles (Isa. 50.4). Set a watch, O Lord, before my mouth, and keep the door of my lips. Let my word be seasoned with salt, that it may minister grace to the hearers. Let no deed be grief unto me nor offence of heart. Let me do some deed for which Thou wilt remember me, Lord, for good, and spare me according to the greatness of Thy mercy. 

Into Thine hands I commend my spirit, soul and body, which Thou hast created, redeemed, regenerated, O Lord, Thou God of truth; and together with me all mine, and all that belongs to me. Thou hast vouchsafed them to me, O Lord, in Thy goodness. Guard us from all evil. Guard our souls, I beseech Thee, O Lord. Guard us without falling and place us faultless in the presence of Thy glory in that day. Guard my going out and my coming in henceforth and for ever. Prosper, I pray Thee, Thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of those who meet him.

O God, make speed to save me; O Lord, make haste to help me. O turn Thee then unto me, and have mercy upon me; give Thy strength unto Thy servant, and help the son of Thine handmaid. Show some token upon me for good, that they who hate me may see it and be ashamed, because Thou, Lord, hast holpen me and comforted me.

## Evening Prayer
The day is gone, and I give Thee thanks, O Lord. Evening is at hand, furnish it with brightness. As day has its evening so also has life; the even of life is age, age has overtaken me, furnish it with brightness. Cast me not away in the time of age; forsake me not when my strength faileth me. Even to my old age be Thou He, and even to hoar hairs carry me; do Thou make, do Thou bear, do Thou carry and deliver me (Isa. 46.4). Abide with me, Lord, for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent of this fretful life. Let Thy strength be made perfect in my weakness. 

Day is fled and gone, life too is going, this lifeless life. Night cometh and cometh death, the deathless death. Near as is the end of day, so too is the end of life; we then also remembering it, beseech of Thee for the close of our life, that Thou wouldest direct it in peace, Christian, acceptable, sinless, shameless, and, if it please Thee, painless, Lord, our Lord, gathering us together under the feet of Thine elect, when Thou wilt and as Thou wilt, only without shame and sins. 

Remember we the days of darkness, for they shall be many, lest we be cast into outer darkness. Remember we to outstrip the night, doing some good thing. Near is judgment; a good and acceptable answer at the dreadful and fearful judgment seat of Jesus Christ, vouchsafe to us, O Lord. 

By night I lift up my hands in the sanctuary and praise the Lord. The Lord hath granted His loving kindness in the day time; in the night season did I sing of Him, and made my prayer unto the God of my life. As long as I live will I magnify Thee on this manner, and lift up my hands in Thy name. Lord let my prayer be set forth in Thy sight as the incense, and let the lifting up of my hands be an evening sacrifice. 

Blessed art Thou, O Lord our God, the God of our fathers, who hast created the changes of days and nights, who givest songs in the night, who has delivered us from the evil of this day, who hast not cut off like a weaver my life, nor from day even to night made an end of me. 

### Confession
Lord, as we add day to day, so sin to sin. The just falleth seven times a day (Prov. 24.16); and I, an exceeding sinner, seventy times seven; a wonderful, a horrible thing, O Lord. But I turn with groans from my evil ways, and I return into my heart, and with all my heart I turn to Thee, O God of penitents and Saviour of sinners; and evening by evening will return in the innermost marrow of my soul; and my soul crieth out of the deep unto Thee. I have sinned, O Lord, against Thee, heavily against Thee; alas, alas, woe is me for my misery! I repent, O me, I repent; spare me, O Lord; repent, O me, I repent, help Thou me my impenitence. Be appeased, spare me, O Lord; be appeased, have mercy on me: I said, Lord, have mercy upon me, heal my soul, for I have sinned against Thee. Have mercy upon me, O Lord, after Thy great goodness, according to the multitude of Thy mercies do away mine offences. Remit the guilt, heal the wound, blot out the stains, clear away the shame, rescue from the tyranny, and make me not a public example. O bring me out of my trouble, cleanse Thou me from secret faults, keep Thy servant also from presumptuous sins. My wanderings of mind and idle talking lay not to my charge. Remove the dark and muddy flood of foul and wicked thoughts. O Lord, I have destroyed myself; whatever I have done amiss, pardon mercifully. Deal not with us after our sins, neither reward us after our iniquities. Look mercifully upon our infirmities; and for the glory of Thy all-holy name, turn from us all those ills and miseries, which by our sins, and by us through them, are most righteously and worthily deserved.

### Commendation
To my weariness, O Lord, vouchsafe Thou rest, to my exhaustion renew Thou strength. Lighten mine eyes that I sleep not in death. Deliver me from the terror by night, the pestilence that walketh in darkness (Ps. 91.6). Supply me with healthy sleep and to pass through this night without fear. 

O Keeper of Israel, who neither slumberest nor sleepest, guard me this night from all evil, guard my soul, O Lord. Visit me with the visitation of Thine own, reveal to me wisdom in the visions of the night. If not, for I am not worthy, not worthy, at least, O loving Lord, let sleep be to me a breathing time as from toil, so from sin. Yea, O Lord, nor let me in my dreams imagine what may anger Thee, what may defile me. Let not my loins be filled with illusions, yea, let my reins chasten me in the night season, yet without grievous terror. Preserve me from the black sleep of sin; all earthly and evil thoughts put to sleep within me. 

Grant to me light sleep, rid of all imaginations fleshly and satanical. Lord, Thou knowest how sleepless are mine unseen foes, and how feeble my wretched flesh, who madest me; shelter me with the wings of Thy pity. Awaken me at the fitting time, at the time of prayer: and give me to seek Thee early, for Thy glory and for Thy service. 

Into Thy hands, O Lord, I commend myself, my spirit, soul and body: Thou didst make and didst redeem them. And together with me, all my friends and all that belongs to me. Thou hast vouchsafed them to me, Lord, in Thy goodness. Guard my lying down and my rising up from henceforth and for ever. Let me remember Thee on my bed and search out my spirit; let me wake up and be present with Thee. Let me lay me down in peace and take my rest: for it is Thou, Lord, only, that makest me dwell in safety.

## Sunday Prayer
Through the tender mercies of our God the dayspring from on high hath visited us. 

Glory be to Thee, O Lord, glory to Thee, Creator of the light and enlightener of the world,—of the visible light, the sun's ray, a flame of fire, day and night, evening and morning;—of the light invisible, the revelation of God, writings of the Law, oracles of prophets, music of psalms, instruction of proverbs, experience of histories; a light which never sets. 

O by Thy Resurrection raise us up into newness of life, supplying to us frames of repentance. The God of peace, who did bring again from the dead the great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, our Lord Jesus Christ, perfect us in every good work to do His will, working in us what is acceptable before Him, through Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever. 

Thou who didst send down on Thy disciples on this day Thy thrice-holy Spirit, withdraw not Thou the gift, O Lord, from us, but renew it in us, day by day, who ask Thee for it. 

I commend to Thee, my Lord, my impulses and my startings, my intentions and my attempts, my going out and my coming in, my sitting down and my rising up.


### Confession
Merciful and pitiful Lord, long suffering and of great mercy, I have sinned, Lord, I have sinned against Thee. O me, wretched that I am, I have sinned, Lord, against Thee much and grievously, in attending on vanities and lies. I conceal nothing: I make no excuses. I give Thee glory, O Lord, this day, I denounce against myself my sins; truly I have sinned before the Lord and thus and thus have I done. I have sinned and perverted that which was right. 

And what shall I now say? Or with what shall I open my mouth? What shall I answer, seeing I have done it? Without plea, without defence, self-condemned am I. I have destroyed myself. Unto Thee, O Lord, belongeth righteousness, but unto me confusion of face, because Thou art just in all that has come upon me; for Thou has done right but I have done wickedly. And now, Lord, what is my hope? Truly my hope is even in Thee: if hope of salvation remain to me, if Thy loving kindness overcome the multitude of my iniquities. 

O remember what my substance is, the work of Thy hands, the likeness of Thy countenance, the cost of Thy blood, a name from Thy name, a sheep of Thy pasture, a son of the covenant. Despise not Thou the work of Thine own hands. Hast Thou made for nought Thine own image and likeness? For nought, if Thou destroy it. And what profit is there in my blood? (Ps. 30.9). Mine enemies will rejoice. May they never rejoice, O Lord! Grant not to them my destruction.

Look upon the face of Thine anointed (Ps. 84.9), and in the blood of Thy covenant, the propitiation for the sins of the whole world, Lord, be propitious unto me, a sinner; even unto me, O Lord, of sinners chief, chiefest and greatest. For Thy name's sake, be merciful unto my sin, for it is great: it exceeds. For Thy name's sake, that name beside which none other under heaven is given among men, whereby we must be saved, the Spirit Himself helping our infirmities, and making intercession for us with plaints unutterable (Rom. 8.26). 

For the tender yearnings of the Father, the bloody wounds of the Son, the unutterable plaints of the Spirit, give ear, O Lord, have mercy, O Lord, O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for Thine own sake, O my God (Dan. 9.19). For me, I forget not my sins, they are ever before me; I remember them in the bitterness of my soul; I am anxious about them. I turn away and groan, I have indignation and revenge and wrath against myself. I despise and bruise my own self, that my penitence, Lord, O Lord, is not deeper, is not fuller. Help Thou mine impenitence. And more and still more, pierce Thou, rend, crush my heart; and remit, forgive, pardon what things are grief to me and offence of heart. Cleanse Thou me from secret faults, keep back Thy servant also from presumptuous sins. Magnify Thy mercies towards the wretched sinner; and in season, Lord, say to me, Be of good cheer; thy sins are forgiven thee; My grace is sufficient for thee. Say unto my soul, I am thy salvation. Why art thou so heavy. O my soul? and why are thou so disquieted within me? Return unto thy rest, O my soul, for the Lord bath dealt bountifully with thee. 

O Lord, rebuke me not in Thine indignation neither chasten me in Thy displeasure. I said, I will confess my sins unto the Lord, and so Thou forgavest the wickedness of my sin. Lord, Thou knowest all my desire and my groaning is not hid from Thee. Have mercy upon me, 0 God, after Thy great goodness, according to the multitude of Thy mercies do away mine offences. Thou shalt arise and have mercy on me, O Lord, for it is time that Thou have mercy upon me, yea, the time is come. If Thou, Lord, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand? Enter not into judgment with Thy servant, O Lord, for in Thy sight shall no man living be justified. 

### Prayer for Grace
My hands will I lift up unto Thy commandments which I have loved. Open mine eyes that I may see, incline my heart that I may desire, order my steps that I may follow, the way of Thy commandments. O Lord God, be Thou to me a God, and beside Thee none else, none else, nought else, with Thee. Vouchsafe to me to worship Thee and serve Thee in truth of spirit, in reverence of body, in blessing of lips, in private and in public; to pay honour to them that have the rule over me, by obedience and submission; to show affection to my own, by carefulness and providence; to overcome evil with good; to possess my vessel in sanctification and honour; to have my converse without covetousness; content with what I have; to speak the truth in love; to be desirous not to lust, not to lust passionately, not to go after lusts.

### The Hedge of the Law; i.e., Precautions
Give me grace, O Lord, to bruise the serpent's head (Gen. 3.15); to remember my latter end (Deut. 32.39); to cut off opportunities (II Cor. 11:12); to be sober (I Peter 5.8); not to sit idle (Matt. 20.6); to shun the wicked (Ps. 26.5); to cleave to the good (Rom. 12.9); to make a covenant with the eyes (Job 31.1); to bring my body into subjection (I Cor. 9.27); to give myself unto prayer (I Cor. 7.5); to betake myself to penitence (II Peter 3.9). Hedge up my way with thorns, that I find not the path for following vanity. Hold Thou me in with bit and bridle lest I fall from Thee. O Lord, compel me to come in to Thee.

### Preparation for Public Worship
Thou that hearest the prayer, unto Thee shall all flesh come; my flesh also shall come. My misdeeds prevail against me, O be Thou merciful unto our sins. 

Thou shalt open my lips, O Lord, and my mouth shall shew forth Thy praise. As for me, I will come into Thy house even upon the multitude of Thy mercy, and in Thy fear will I worship toward Thy holy temple. Hear the voice of my humble petitions when I cry unto Thee; when I hold up my hands towards the mercy seat of Thy holy temple. 

We wait for Thy loving kindness, O God, in the midst of Thy temple. Remember, O Lord, our brethren that are around us, and praying with us at this holy hour, for their zeal and earnestness' sake; remember also those who on reasonable causes are absent, and have mercy on them and on us, according to the multitude of Thy mercies. 

Lord, I have loved the habitation of Thy house and the place where Thine honour dwelleth: that I may show the voice of thanksgiving and tell of all Thy wondrous works. One thing have I desired of the Lord, which I will require, even that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit His temple. 

My heart hath talked of Thee, Seek ye my face; Thy face, Lord, will I seek. Open to me the gates of righteousness; that I may go into them and give thanks unto the Lord. Let Thine eyes be open, and let Thine ears be attent, to hearken unto the prayer which Thy servant prayeth toward this place, whereof Thou hast said that Thou wouldest put Thy name there.

### Confession of Faith
I believe, O Lord, in Thee, Father, Word, Spirit, One God; that by Thy fatherly love and power all things were created; that by Thy goodness and love to man all things have begun anew in Thy Word; who for us men and for our salvation was made flesh, was conceived and born, suffered and was crucified, died and was buried, descended and rose again, ascended and sat down, will return and will repay; that by the shining forth and working of Thy Holy Spirit hath been called out of the whole world a peculiar people into a polity, in belief of the truth and sanctity of living; that in it we are par-takers of the communion of saints and forgiveness of sins in this world; that in it we are waiting for resur-rection of the flesh and life everlasting in the world to come. This most holy faith which was once delivered to the saints, I believe, O Lord; help Thou mine unbelief, and vouchsafe to me to love the Father for His fatherly love, to reverence the Almighty for His power, as a faithful Creator to commit my soul to Him in well doing. 

Vouchsafe to me to partake from Jesus of salvation, from Christ of anointing, from the Only-begotten of adoption. To worship the Lord for His conception, in faith; for His birth, in humility; for His sufferings, in patience and hatred of sin; for His Cross, to crucify occasions of sin; for His death, to mortify the flesh; for His burial, to bury evil thoughts in good works; for His descent, to meditate upon hell; for His resurrection, upon newness of life; for His ascension, to mind things above; for His sitting on high, to mind the good things on His right; for His return, to fear His second appearance; for His judgment, to judge myself ere I be judged. 

From the Spirit vouchsafe to me the breath of salutary grace. In the holy and catholic Church to have my own calling, and holiness, and portion, and a fellowship of her sacred rites, prayers, fastings, groans, vigils, tears and sufferings, for assurance of remission of sins, for hope of resurrection and translation to eternal life.

### Intercession
O Hope of all the ends of the earth, and of them that remain in the broad sea; O Thou on whom our fathers hoped and Thou didst deliver them; on whom they waited and were not confounded; O my hope from my youth, from my mother's breasts, on whom I have been cast from the womb; be Thou my hope now and ever-more and my portion in the land of the living. In Thy nature, in Thy names, in Thy types, in word and in deed, my Hope. O let me not be disappointed of my hope. O hope of all the ends of the earth, remember Thy whole creation for good. Visit the world in Thy compassion. 

O Guardian of men, O loving Lord, remember all our race. Thou who hast shut up all in unbelief, on all have pity, O Lord. O Thou who didst die and rise again to be Lord both of the dead and living, live we or die we, Thou art our Lord. Lord, have pity on living and dead. O Helper of the helpless, seasonable aid in affliction, remember all who are in necessity and need Thy succour. O God of grace and truth, establish all who stand in truth and grace, restore all who are sick with heresies and sins. 

O wholesome Defence of Thine anointed, remember Thy congregation which Thou hast purchased and redeemed of old. O grant to all believers one heart and one soul. Thou that walkest amid the golden candle-sticks, remove not our candlestick out of its place (Rev. 2.1-5). Amend what are wanting, establish what remain, which are ready to die (Rev. 3.2). O Lord of the harvest, send forth labourers, made sufficient by Thee, into Thy harvest. O Portion of those who wait in Thy temple, grant to our clergy rightly to divide the word of truth, rightly to walk in it; grant to Thy Christian people to obey and submit to them.

O King of nations unto the ends of the earth, strengthen all the states of the inhabited world, as being Thy ordinance though a creation of man. Scatter the nations that delight in war, make wars to cease in all the earth. O Expectation of the isles and their hope, Lord, save this island and all the country in which we sojourn, from all affliction, peril and need. Lord of lords, Ruler of rulers, remember all rulers to whom Thou halt given rule in the earth, and O remember especially our divinely-guarded king and work with him more and more, and prosper his way in all things. Speak good things unto his heart for Thy Church and all Thy people. Grant to him profound and perpetual peace, that in his tranquillity we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty (I Tim. 2.2). 

O Thou by whom are ordained the powers that be, grant to those who are chief in court to be chief in virtue and Thy fear; grant to the Parliament Thy holy wisdom; to our great men to do nothing against but for the truth; to the courts of law, Thy judgments, to judge in all things concerning all, without preference, without partiality. O God of armies, give a prosperous course and strength to all the Christian army against the enemies of our most holy faith. Grant to our population to be subject unto the higher powers, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. Grant to farmers and graziers good seasons; to the fleet and fishers fair weather; to tradesmen, not to overreach one another; to mechanics, to pursue their business lawfully, down to the meanest workmen, down to the poor. 

O God not only of us but of our seed, bless our children among us, to advance in wisdom as in stature, and in favour with Thee and with men. O Thou who wouldest have us provide for our own, and hatest the unnatural, remember, Lord, my relations according to the flesh; grant me to speak peace concerning them and to seek their good. O Thou who wiliest us to make return to our benefactors; remember, Lord, for good all from whom I have received good; keep them alive that they may be blessed upon earth, and deliver them not into the will of their enemies. Thou who hast noted the man who neglects his own as worse than an infidel (1 Tim. 5.8), remember in Thy good pleasure all those in my household. Peace be to my house, children of peace be all who dwell in it. Thou who wouldest that our righteousness exceed the righteousness of sinners, grant me, Lord, to love those who love me; my own friend, and my father's friend, and my friends' children, never to forsake. Thou who wouldest that we overcome evil with good, and pray for those who persecute us, have pity on mine enemies, Lord, as on myself; and lead them together with me to Thy heavenly kingdom. 

Thou who grantest the prayers of Thy servants for one another, remember, Lord, for good and pity all those who remember me in their prayers, or whom I have promised to remember in mine. Thou who acceptest the willing mind in every good work, remember, Lord, as if they prayed to Thee, those who for any good reason give not time to prayer. Arise and have mercy on those who are in the last necessity, for it is time that Thou hast mercy upon them, yea, the time is come. Have mercy on them, O Lord, as on me also, when in extremities. Remember, Lord, infants, children, the young, the middle-aged, the old; hungry, thirsty, naked, sick, prisoners, foreigners, friend-less, unburied; all in extreme age and weakness, possessed with devils, and tempted to suicide, troubled by unclean spirits; the hopeless, the sick in soul or body, the weak hearted; all in prison and chains, all under sentence of death; orphans, widows, foreigners, travellers, voyagers, women with child, women who give suck, all in bitter servitude, or mines, or galleys, or in loneliness. 

Thou, Lord, shalt save both man and beast, how excellent is Thy mercy, O God! And the children of men shall put their trust under the shadow of Thy wings. The Lord bless us and keep us, and show the light of His countenance upon us and give us peace!

I commend to Thee, O Lord, my soul and my body, my mind and my thoughts, my prayers and my vows, my senses and my limbs, my words and my works, my life and my death; my brothers and my sisters and their children; my friends, my benefactors, my well-wishers; those who have a claim on me; my kindred, and my neighbour, my country, and all Christendom. 

### Praise

## Monday Prayer
## Tuesday Prayer
## Wednesday Prayer
## Thursday Prayer
## Friday Prayer
## Saturday Prayer