---
layout: article
title: Web 2.0(16)
description: 
published: 2016-02-06
authors:
  - Brian

# optional
tags: 
  - programming

# can we generate?
date_id: 1
excerpt: It’s interesting to read Paul Graham’s Web 2.0 ten years later.
url: article/2016/02/06/1/web-2016
---
It’s interesting to read Paul Graham’s [Web 2.0](http://www.paulgraham.com/web20.html) ten years later. Some thoughts:

- The websites Paul most praises—Google, Wikipedia, Reddit—are stronger than ever in 2016.
- > I’ve noticed for a while that the stuff I read on individual people’s sites is as good as or better than the stuff I read in newspapers and magazines. And now I have independent evidence: the top links on Reddit are generally links to individual people’s sites rather than to magazine articles or news stories.
  - This is no longer the case. ☹️ Today’s top stories on Reddit include no individual people’s sites.
- > Craigslist has largely destroyed the classified ad sites of the 90s, and OkCupid looks likely to do the same to the previous generation of dating sites.
  - OkCupid is still one of the most popular.
- > I wouldn’t be surprised if ten years from now eBay had been supplanted by an ad-supported freeBay (or, more likely, gBay).
  - Nope. eBay has fewer and fewer auctions, and more and more people just sell directly, some on eBay and some on competitors like Amazon.
- > The ultimate target is Microsoft. What a bang that balloon is going to make when someone pops it by offering a free web-based alternative to MS Office. Who will? Google? They seem to be taking their time. I suspect the pin will be wielded by a couple of 20 year old hackers who are too naïve to be intimidated by the idea. (How hard can it be?)
  - Google, of course, did come out with the free web-based Google Docs, but Microsoft and their web-based Office 365 are doing fine.