---
layout: article
title: kodex v4
description: Brian details his history of web development and especially the history of his personal blog sites.
published: 2020-03-24
authors:
  - Brian
series: Building kodex
tags: 
  - programming
is_draft: true

# can we generate?
date_id: 1
excerpt: The first website I built was a Yahoo Geocities Spongebob fan site, I think in 2005 or 2006. I used the drag-and-drop GUI because I didn't know HTML or CSS.
url: article/2020/03/24/1/kodex-v4
---
The first website I built was a Yahoo Geocities Spongebob fan site, I think in 2005 or 2006. I used the drag-and-drop GUI because I didn't know HTML or CSS.

My second website was a blog on Blogspot called "The Blue Flame", circa 2006 or 2007. I don't remember any posts; I might not ever have written anything.

![] screenshot of briankoser.com in 2012

My third website was a programming blog at briankoser.com called "kotangent". My [first entry]() was posted August 23, 2012, about a simple ASP.NET WebForms issue that apparently didn't have a StackOverflow question. At this point I had taken a couple college web programming classes, and actually [built it myself with Jekyll](https://github.com/briankoser/kotangent-jekyll).

I bought koser.us on July 8, 2013 and set up a [completely handwritten site](https://github.com/briankoser/koser.us) for our Christmas letters and some board game stats.

I wanted to use [Ruby on Rails](post) and then [ASP.NET MVC](post), but somehow didn't find the time (we had no kids, we had so much time). In 2015, I [reimplemented koser.us in Metalsmith](https://github.com/briankoser/koser.us-metalsmith) and added a blog and Melissa's recipes.

June 21, 2018: five years later than planned, I finally started using ASP.NET MVC, now ASP.NET Core MVC, with SQL Server. I imported my content from kotangent and named koser.us "kodex".

I still wasn't happy. ASP.NET is great, but hosting and deploying outside Azure sucks. And Azure is way too pricy for a little personal site. SQL Server hosting sucks. I used the architecture I would use at my job, which is great for an enterprise website and overkill for a small personal site.

Thankfully, in 2019 I discovered Eleventy and Netlify.

[Eleventy]() is Zach Leatherman's node.js static site generator. It's way better than Jekyll, Metalsmith, Wintersmith, Punch, Middleman, and whatever other SSG's I investigated over the years. It works well with data files and is eminently extendable. And it's in JavaScript, the only language I'm as comfortable with as C#.

Getting back to a static site feels great. Fewer run-time dependencies, no traditional database, quicker development and faster performance.

[Netlify]() fixes all my deployment woes. I commit changes to a Git repository and Netlify builds and deploys automatically. Plus everything is delivered by Netlify's CDN, and I get free and easy SSL/TLS and DNS management.

I used Eleventy + Netlify first for our [podcast site redesign](https://tto.koser.us), then for [sfc.blue](https://sfc.blue), my fan site for The Sci-Fi Christian podcast.

In 2020, I'm using it to build kodex, version 4. This time, I really will stick with a technology, and I really will iterate on the design, and I really will start posting more frequently. I'll post again when I have the MVP (minimum viable product) done, and then post updates as I iterate. Web development is fun again.s